Rogers Stephen
just give me a chance sorry son saving
your life general Hammond has said that
wars are fought with weapons but they
are won by man
you just don't know when to give up do
you I could do this all day create the
greatest army in history I should be
going with you
look I know you don't think I can do
this it's in the back alleys Stevens boy
every army begins with one man five
tries in five different cities I can
offer you a chance he will be the first
in a new breed of super-soldier
because the Beekman Joseph any
Australian was a valuable that wasn't so
bad
that was penicillin we are one winners
war because we have the best man
now mr. Stahr
hey personally
or in off if we get into
your task won't be simple
who the hell are the [ __ ] up money
your enemy is not what you expect
no if I can do this
this is how you control
how do you think I think it works